talk about stream violation closure too (#2)
martinthomson/h2-stream-limits: draft-thomson-httpbis-h2-stream-limits.md

# Introduction

HTTP/2 allows endpoints to declare the concurrency limit for streams created by
their peer (`SETTINGS_MAX_CONCURRENT_STREAMS`; see {{Section 5.1.2 of
RFC9113}}). Initially, the stream concurrency limit is only bounded by the
maximum number of streams that can be created, which is 2<sup>30</sup> for each
endpoint, but the value can be changed at any time. Most endpoints set a smaller
value in an attempt to protect the resources that are committed when processing
a stream.

This limit is not effective in the case that streams are quickly cancelled or
closed. The creator of a stream can cancel it using the `RST_STREAM` frame.  The
creator of a stream can also purposefully send frames that violate HTTP/2 rules,

> forcing a compliant receiver to close the stream. Either of these methods has

Reviewer: Do you think that it is worth noting that a stream error like this could result in a connection error, which would make the error -> close/reset path unavailable to an attacker.  Obviously, an attacker can simply check what the victim would do before trying that approach.

Author: That crossed my mind yes. Even if a client didn't check, there's not much punishment for just giving it a go - it either works or it doesn't and the resources (e.g. bandwidth) required to try it out are not enormous.

An endpoint might even close _some_ streams until a threshold is reached - and then close the connection. So trying to explain that felt like it could be a distraction.

I can add a sentence here if you like, or punt it to the security considerations, or do nothing.

> This limit is not effective in the case that streams are quickly cancelled or
> closed. The creator of a stream can cancel it using the `RST_STREAM` frame.  The
> creator of a stream can also purposefully send frames that violate HTTP/2 rules,
> forcing a compliant receiver to close the stream. Either of these methods has

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
This limit is not effective in the case that streams are quickly cancelled.
The creator of a stream can cancel it using the `RST_STREAM` frame.  The
creator of a stream could also cause its peer to send `RST_STREAM` by
purposefully sending frames that violate HTTP/2 rules, unless errors also
cause the peer to close the connection. Either of these methods has
```

Author: So ... I have an implementation that responds with a 400 Bad Request + END_STREAM :smile:

Reviewer: Did you open an issue on HTTP/2 suggesting that we permit that reaction?

Author: yeh nah, this is that other discussion we were having on the list. My interpretation of https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9114#section-4.1.2-5, specifically

> For malformed requests, a server MAY send an HTTP response indicating the error prior to closing or resetting the stream.

is that its fine not to send a RST_STREAM if I'm going to close the stream any way

Reviewer: I know.  It's just that your reaction is off the books for now, so we don't need to say that it's acceptable here.

Author: Fair
